yeah I no way thinking where all the
horses I but this is where the
traditionals of when we're like cleaning
the room normally they live in the
stables which is on the floor so yeah
this is where they live one there when
the room is being vacuumed in sir so we
haven't added a lot of new places but um
this is lunes lunes placement and little
card thing and who would go here this is
um where hunter would go and star mr.
sir certificate it says me because
little whole thing on it okay and um
this is where we shall would go ah mr.
brush my trick alina we go and pumpkin
and Barney okay and this is where I I'm
back haha that's a great thing about
being a doll she couldn't survive
anything okay moving on once again I
know what you're thinking ah bomb going
off no it didn't this is where we keep
all the tech when it when they're moving
back give it and as you can see it needs
a little bit organization so let's go up
by the bigger up well those are tiny
okay um these are the mini weenies these
aren't all of them that these are a ton
of them some and the hot working tiny
tiny tools and stuff giant brushes okay
Oh classics da-da-da-da-da-da-da okay I
don't really have time in trees everyone
but you're fine there's some more and
some more these guys are new thankful in
size and working that those people are
new and these what you had for ages and
then this guy and normally that um Apple
is the one that would be there and blue
would be down here at the end um but
they're they're playing or something and
here's another guy he's really pretty it
this guy is a very well yeah okay don't
know okay wonderful all their state
lines this is a very tiny step on my
barn
there's the one of the ponytails
specials where's this new PT and there's
a horse poor guy cheap beer and
everything so yeah and um when I show
her that your chickens here just like a
little taco man there's a really pretty
couple of really pay courses in there
and over here we have some more on
horses slip to the back are not bar the
three in the back mop and a bunch of
these aren't actually briar but they're
that size we put him here yeah he's new
he's really gorgeous I when we want to
customize one on that mold and do like a
babe we can't find one so yeah over here
this is just a bunch of random animals I
promise the deer is going to get eyes
soon where that one's fellow say hey
down this is empty not sure why here's
some more stable nights you're some more
stable mates jump over there anybody
okay and that's but not least hi I'm
water i'm here to give you a few
announcements and updates and stuff okay
first of all um fans of Mystic Valley
and Skylark and everything took us if
you wondered what the heck Skylark is
read the description it's a of the
Skylar part one thing anyway it's um
it's a companion series to Mystic Valley
that tells the story the kidnapper
because he kind of has any interest in
the past and everything um and we're
going to refill the first part because
when we filmed it we didn't have mckaela
and Allie so it looks like these two
little kids are running the farm which
is not good so yeah and um mystic valley
it's um the par-5 is coming up really
really soon a really really interesting
thing that happens and part 5 star is
grown up and she's played by little too
homo as you've seen we don't have her
yet we're going to get her and um yeah
so and that's gonna be coming out soon
and do something really interesting
that's going to happen i might i'll
probably be in it and a lot
her new horses well it's they just seen
the bond yeah okay so um that's what
couples but anyway um also we're gonna
be starting another series yes it's
gonna be really really cool I'm gonna be
in it um yeah I play just one horse
thing anyway I just play like a lesson
horse or something but anyway it's
called the spirit to jump and we have
been working on it with our friend
Sundance minis subscribe to her cuz
she's really cool um Sundance minis we
have we're good close friends and we
have been working on a plot for this
movie together were each going to make
our own version with different horses
and like slightly different plots like
maybe like a little tweak here and there
but I've got most of the plot and
everything worked out and I moving in
the caf so yeah we know what horses
we're going to be using and any time we
both have the same horse we tried to use
it in the movie so like stuff like
autumn and smart chick aleena will be
the same for both movies but yeah um the
only other thing I can tell you is that
there are three um versions of the main
character the baby the yearling and the
grown-up versions of the main character
and um the baby is played by blue the
yearling is played by luna and the
grown-up is played by hunter and that's
all I'm going to tell you but it's
called the spirit to jump and look up
for episode 1 coming soon um thank you
for watching this bond tour so you
finally get to see what our barn looks
like in amin so um bye bye bye come on
can't my turn off ah bye